CSS Flex:

Definition and Usage
The flex property is a shorthand property for:

flex-grow
flex-shrink
flex-basis
The flex property sets the flexible length on flexible items.

Note: If the element is not a flexible item, the flex property has no effect.

CSS Syntax:
flex: flex-grow flex-shrink flex-basis|auto|initial|inherit;

Property and values:


Value	Description	Demo
flex-grow	-A number specifying how much the item will grow relative to the rest of the flexible items	
flex-shrink	-A number specifying how much the item will shrink relative to the rest of the flexible items	
flex-basis	-The length of the item. Legal values: "auto", "inherit", or a number followed by "%", "px", "em" or any other length unit	
auto	-Same as 1 1 auto.	
initial	-Same as 0 1 auto. Read about initial	
none	-Same as 0 0 auto.	
inherit	-Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit	


CSS flex-grow Property:

The flex-grow property specifies how much the item will grow relative to the rest of the flexible items inside the same container.

Note: If the element is not a flexible item, the flex-grow property has no effect.


CSS flex-shrink Property:
The flex-shrink property specifies how the item will shrink relative to the rest of the flexible items inside the same container.

Note: If the element is not a flexible item, the flex-shrink property has no effect.

CSS flex-basis Property:
Definition and Usage
The flex-basis property specifies the initial length of a flexible item.

Note: If the element is not a flexible item, the flex-basis property has no effect.


CSS flex-direction Property:
Definition and Usage
The flex-direction property specifies the direction of the flexible items.

Note: If the element is not a flexible item, the flex-direction property has no effect.

Property Values
Value	Description	Play it
row	-Default value. The flexible items are displayed horizontally, as a row	
row-reverse	-Same as row, but in reverse order	
column	-The flexible items are displayed vertically, as a column	
column-reverse	-Same as column, but in reverse order	
initial	-Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit	-Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit

CSS flex-wrap Property:
Definition and Usage:
The flex-wrap property specifies whether the flexible items should wrap or not.

Note: If the elements are not flexible items, the flex-wrap property has no effect.

CSS Syntax
flex-wrap: nowrap|wrap|wrap-reverse|initial|inherit;

Property Values
Value	Description	
nowrap	-Default value. Specifies that the flexible items will not wrap	
wrap	-Specifies that the flexible items will wrap if necessary	
wrap-reverse	-Specifies that the flexible items will wrap, if necessary, in reverse order	
initial-	Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
inherit-	Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit


